Additional DID Documentation (#23)
smart-on-fhir/health-cards: docs/index.md

    So we're starting with `did:ion`, but should continue to evaluate this choice as requirements emerge. 

!!! question "**Long-form vs. Short-form DIDs**"

    `did:ion`, a Sidetree-compliant DID method, supports both long and short form DIDs. In brief, a long-form DID can be resolved to a DID Document on its own: it does not require a blockchain query to provide information
    about the public key information state of an identity. A short-form DID _requires_ a blockchain query to resolve a DID Document and _requires_ that the corresponding long-form DID
    be persisted to the blockchain before the short-form DID is resolvable.

    As such, communicating via short-form DIDs requires more capabilities/infrastructure: namely integrating with a Sidetree node to resolve these short-form DIDs.
    However, this infrastructure enables a more robust security model. You need to persist a DID Document in the blockchain to resolve a short-form DID, persisting a DID Document in the blockchain enables a DID to be updated via key revocation, key addition, etc.

>     Checkout the documentation on [DID URI Composition](https://identity.foundation/sidetree/spec/#did-uri-composition) and [DID Resolution](https://identity.foundation/sidetree/spec/#resolution) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Check out the documentation on [DID URI Composition](https://identity.foundation/sidetree/spec/#did-uri-composition) and [DID Resolution](https://identity.foundation/sidetree/spec/#resolution) for more details.
```
